[DPE-6136] Document terminology decisions (#67)
canonical/spark-k8s-bundle: python/README.md

# spark-test

The main purpose of the `spark-test` library is to provide a seemless, user-friendly interface

> to implement tests for Apache Spark on K8s. `spark-test` provides a number of pytest fixtures 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to implement tests for Charmed Apache Spark. `spark-test` provides a number of pytest fixtures 
```
